Simulation_Stage_2014
=====================

OpenGL 3.3 visualization of stars with Oculus Rift mode.

Project developped during my internship in the Observatoire Astronomique de Strasbourg.
Tested on Linux but should work on other plateforms too with little to no changes.

This project is in no means a model to follow if you're developping an OpenGL application, but is rather a proof-of-concept and demonstration
of what you can do with the Oculus Rift.

##Install

- Clone the repo
- `git submodule init` and `git submodule update`
- Update your graphic card drivers
- Install the Oculus SDK 0.3.2 for your plateform (the files included are for the Linux Oculus SDK).
- Install the SDL2 library
- Install the SDL2 Image library
- Make sure you have a c++11 compliant compiler (clang works fine).
- Compile (either qmake or make - the Makefile here was generated by qmake for Linux)
- Plug-in your Oculus Rift if you have one (tested with DK1, should work with DK2)
- Launch (./Simulation)


## Command line options

- `-h` or `--help` for help
- `-o` or `--oculus` for Oculus mode
- `-f` or `--fullscreen` for fullscreen

##How it works

The scene is an Octree which stores the objects. Only the octant we are actually in is displayed. By tweaking the value of a parameter you can also 
display the neighbour octants.

##Performance
On my computer (16 Gb RAM, 1 Gb VRAM, RADEON HD 8570) it runs at around 30 FPS constant.
The initial generation takes around 4s for 1024 objects and is linear in the number of objects.

##Documentation
Type `doxygen` in console and it should generate the documentation following the `Doxyfile` file.

##Logs
Logs can be filtered. Have a look at `log.log` and `log.err`.
